>> Steve Kinney: The other thing that I'll
kinda just, we'll see it later, but this
goes into the not wanting to lecture about
too much, and then kinda get into it.
Is this up here, you see that I'm
doing it in every test, right?
And so there are some helpers kinda built
in where you can do stuff before each.
>> Steve Kinney: And in this case,
what we just gotta make sure
is that we have it in scope.
>> Steve Kinney: There are some
other ways to do that.
But you could have something that
you run before each test, right?
So you find yourself doing
something repeatedly,
you could theoretically
do before every test.
I'm gonna argue to you, and
we'll kinda see this, that for
some cases, if we're gonna set up some
environment where we mock out the network,
short do that, or restubbing stuff, fine.
But here's the issue, I did this, and
now I don't have to make
the character every time.
But also, when I stare at a test,
if this test file got big enough,
it is really unclear where
that character is coming from.
And if I wanted a test where it is
a slightly different character,
well now I have to weirdly override it.
And so this kinda went
before what we said earlier,
which is there's a principle in our code,
not to repeat ourselves.
But in our tests,
the act of trying to abstract stuff and
get clever takes away from clarity.
And a lot of times that reduction,
you don't need your tests to be clever.
You want your tests, even if they're
repetitive, to be dumbly simple,
because if they're failing,
you don't wanna be in there right now.
When you're writing the test,
sure, sure, sure.
But later, you just wanted
to stay green all the time.
If it turns red,
you wanna be able to triage it real fast.
So can you do this?
Yes, should you always do it?
I'm gonna argue, probably not, right?
But there are use cases,
and we will see it, but
I have done my due
diligence at that point.
One more thing that maybe
in a previous life would
have necessitated its own
section because it was hard.
And we kinda saw it earlier, but
it's a lot easier these days is
dealing with asynchronous code.
Coz what's the one thing that makes
everything in JavaScript harder?
Anything being asynchronous.
And it used to be you had to do
a bunch of whole bunch of crazy stuff,
the test function would
take a done callback.
You would call the done callback.
After all, your asynchronous thing
was done coz you used to have past
callbacks and the callbacks and I heard
you callbacks, don't worry about it.
Coz we saw that if we
never get to the expected.
It doesn't fail, our tests are true.
You can do stuff like this.
Honestly, the answer to this now
is simply most the testing suites,
if that test function is
an async await function and
you await everything like you're
supposed to, it just works, right?
And so you might see things in your
code base where there is a done,
passed in here and called these days you
don't necessarily have to worry about it.
You might come across it, but
if it's asynchronous function and
you're using async await,
everything works.
Life is easy.
If you're forgetting await,
things will break.
Coz either this value
will be a promise and
not what you thought it was, or
something along those lines.
But you will see a bunch of different
other theatrics for asynchronous code.
But I would say for most new tests,
as long as they are asynch await, and
if you come across a test, it's not
you should just refactor it, right?
And so previously, if we wanted to take
this example real quick and just show you.
Just put it down here,
we won't even run it.
If this wasn't a sinker weight,
ignore the red squigglies.
And this took a call back,
you would have to do something.
>> Steve Kinney: And
then the callback would go in here.
>> Steve Kinney: The problem is,
again, coz the test would just go on,
it would pass even if this failed,
because there was no expectations.
So you would take this done, and
you would call it at the end.
So if you see code like this and
it makes you sad.
It could just be single weight and
everything can be easy again, right?
That this thing which you'd have
to squint at could just be.
>> Steve Kinney: Well that was a lot
more hitting on undo than I expected.
This and that will work these days.
So you might see the other
thing from older tests,
but, wait, now it's good.
In this case,
that is all you need to do to really
worry about asynchronous code these days.